CCM-AIDA (#2191)
harness/developer-hub: docs/cloud-cost-management/5-use-ccm-cost-governance/asset-governance/gen-ai-use.md

---

> title: Optimize costs using AI-generated asset governance rules 

Author: Done

sidebar_label: Create rules by using Harness AIDA   
description: Create rules by using Harness AI Development Assistant (AIDA).
# sidebar_position: 1
---

:::note

> Currently, this feature is behind the feature flag **CCM_GOVERNANCE_GENAI_ENABLE**. Contact [Harness Support](mailto:support@harness.io) to enable the feature.

Reviewer: I'm recommending adding a category to include these two topics, otherwise the announcement will need to include two URLs. Once we have the category, we can remove this FF note (and have it only in the other topic).

::: 

> This topic explains how to create rules and view rule descriptions by using Harness AI Development Assistant (AIDA).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This topic describes how to create rules and view rule descriptions by using Harness AI Development Assistant (AIDA).
```

## Create a rule by using Harness AIDA

To create a rule by using the Harness AIDA, perform the following steps: 

1. In your Harness application, go to **Cloud Costs**.
2. Select **Asset Governance**. You can create a new rule from either of the following pages: 
```mdx-code-block
import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';
```

```mdx-code-block
<Tabs queryString="tab-number">
<TabItem value="4" label="Overview">
```
1. Select **Create a new rule with AIDA**.

    <docimage path={require('./static/aida-overview.png')} width="60%" height="60%" title="Click to view full size image" />

>  A new Rule Editor is presented, featuring an AI-generated name for the rule. To customize the rule name, select the edit icon, which allows you to modify the generated name according to your preference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  A new rule editor is presented, and it displays an AI-generated name for the rule. To customize the rule name, select the edit icon, and then modify the generated name according to your preference.
```

2. Select the cloud service provider. For example, AWS.

> 3. You could opt for one of the following options: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Select one of the following options: 
```
(Can they ignore both options? The "could opt for" tells me that they can. Also, "opt" and "options"... so I reworded. Does it read okay?)

Author: I'm rewriting this as "Use one of the following options". "Select" might not be the apt word here because the user does not merely select an option.

>   * Select a rule from a list of examples — The Harness AIDA presents a curated list of rule examples that you can choose from. These examples cover a wide range of common governance scenarios. By selecting a relevant example, you can easily adapt it to suit your specific requirements, saving time and effort in policy formulation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Select a rule from a list of examples. Harness AIDA presents a curated list of rule examples from which you can choose one that is relevant to your requirement. The list covers a wide range of common governance scenarios. Adapt your selection to suit your specific requirements.
```
(Trying to reduce the word count and marketing jargon in task steps. Check if it's okay now.)

>   * Type your requirement and select the Return key — Alternatively, you can directly input your governance requirement into the UI. Type your desired rule in a clear and concise manner and select the Return key. For example, you could specify a rule such as "Delete EC2 instances older than 90 days." The Harness AIDA then processes your input and generates a corresponding rule based on your requirement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Type your requirement and select the **Return** key. Alternatively, you can directly enter your governance requirement into the UI. Type your desired rule in a clear and concise manner and select the **Return** key. For example, you could specify a rule such as "Delete EC2 instances older than 90 days." Harness AIDA processes your input and generates a corresponding rule.
```
Is the Return key in the user interface? Or is it on the keyboard? If it's the latter, is "select" the right choice?

Author: I checked the Microsoft style guide. I came across this example - "To run through the obstacle course, select the Spacebar on the keyboard" on this page - https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/a-z-word-list-term-collections/term-collections/keys-keyboard-shortcuts#keyboard-actions-and-access

> 4.   Select **Apply script on Rule Editor**.

Reviewer: Should be "in" but I cannot see this in the screenshot since the rule has been applied. Good to give UI feedback. Nothing to do here if the text here matches the UI.

5.   Select **Validate Rule**
6.   The system performs a validation process to ensure rule accuracy. If errors are detected within the rule, a notification banner is displayed. To access more information regarding these errors, select the **More Details** option. You can view a comprehensive breakdown of the specific error details to identify and address any issues effectively. 

    <docimage path={require('./static/ai-validation-error-banner.png')} width="60%" height="60%" title="Click to view full size image" />

> 7.  You can update the rule on the **Rule Editor** and save the rule.

Reviewer: Why "can"? Do we mean "If you are satisfied with the rule, click ... to save the rule"?

Author: If the generated rule is good enough, they don't need to do anything. Okay, I'll change it.

```mdx-code-block
</TabItem>
<TabItem value="5" label="Rules">
```
   
1. Select **+New Rule**. 
2. Enter a name for the rule.

> 3. Optionally, enter a description of the rule.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Optionally, enter a description for the rule.
```

  * Type your requirement and select the Return key — Alternatively, you can directly input your governance requirement into the UI. Type your desired rule in a clear and concise manner and select the Return key. For example, you could specify a rule such as "Delete EC2 instances older than 90 days." The Harness AIDA then processes your input and generates a corresponding rule based on your requirement.

6. Select **Apply script on Rule Editor**.
7. Select **Validate Rule**
8. The system performs a validation process to ensure rule accuracy. If any errors are detected within the rule, a notification banner is displayed. To access more information regarding these errors, select the **More Details** option. You can view a comprehensive breakdown of the specific error details to identify and address any issues effectively. 

    <docimage path={require('./static/ai-validation-error-banner.png')} width="60%" height="60%" title="Click to view full size image" />
9.  You can update the rule on the **Rule Editor** and save the rule.

```mdx-code-block
</TabItem>
</Tabs>
```

## View rule description by using Harness AIDA

> The Harness AIDA offers valuable insights by providing a description of the rule along with its implications. When a rule is generated using the AIDA, it presents a clear and concise description of its purpose, functionality, and potential impact. This information helps you understand the rationale behind the rule and how it aligns with your governance objectives.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Harness AIDA offers valuable insights by providing a description of the rule along with a clear and concise description of its purpose, functionality, and potential impact. This information helps you understand the rationale behind the rule and how it aligns with your governance objectives.
```

Author: Done

> 1. In your Harness application, navigate to the **Asset Governance** page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the Harness application, navigate to the **Asset Governance** page.
```
("Your" confused me for a second... I thought of the applications that users deploy by using the Harness platform."

Author: Agreed.

2. Select **Rules**.

> 3. Select the more options icon for a rule, and then select **Learn more about rule** or select the rule, and then select **Learn More**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Select the more options icon for a rule, and then select **Learn more about rule**. Or, select the rule, and then select **Learn More**.
```

Author: Done

>   The Harness AIDA displays the description of the rule and its implications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Harness AIDA displays the description of the rule and its implications.
```

Author: Done
